The former London mayor and Brexit advocate, who was born in New York, had long complained about still having to pay American taxes.
Ukraine and Russia have denied any role in the latest separatist death, of Mikhail Tolstykh, or in previous killings of rebel leaders far from the front lines.
Youths set cars and trash bins ablaze and vandalized buildings in suburbs around Paris, venting rage for the fourth straight day over the allegations.
Dozens were injured but no one was killed, officials said, as the narrow alleyways blocked fire trucks and residents tried fighting the blaze with buckets of water.
The pope spoke after a United Nations report found that crimes against humanity had possibly been committed against the group, a Muslim minority.
A race is on to reclaim Al Bab from Islamic State extremists. Whether the rival forces ringing the city will cooperate or kill one another is unclear.
Even as the Israeli prime minister makes concessions to far-right rivals, accusations in a naval contracts case and two other inquiries are weakening him.
A Brazilian governor said Wednesday that he needs more soldiers to help cope with a police crisis that has led to a wave of violence and at least 80 deaths in his southeastern state.
The National Liberation Army, Colombias second-largest rebel group, follows in the footsteps of the largest one in moving closer to ending a 52-year conflict.
Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, who holds American and Somali citizenship and has worked for the New York State government, was elected by Parliament in a second round of voting.
A new railway line from Djibouti to Ethiopia has showcased Chinas effort to extend its influence, with aid and expertise, throughout Africa.
Yemeni officials are caught between the public outrage at home over civilian deaths and fear of losing American counterterrorism assistance.
Newly discovered letters from Mrs. Kennedy to Lord Harlech, whose heart she broke, explain her decision to marry Aristotle Onassis.
Officials said they believed the ambush, in Jowzjan Province, was led by Islamic State loyalists, who have been active in the area recently.
Many news sites issued corrections for an erroneous story about a Kuwaiti visa ban on mostly Muslim countries. President Trump has yet to do so.
Many diners, shoppers and store owners did not understand the presidents connection to the complex, and some were unhappy to find it out.
A Russian court convicted Mr. Navalny on fraud charges, again, in an effort to deny him a national platform to challenge President Vladimir V. Putins authority.
Britain's House of Commons gave its final approval Wednesday to a bill authorizing the government to start exit talks with the European Union.
A Pakistani official says a strong, magnitude 6.4 earthquake has struck the country's remote southwest and that there are reports of damages to houses but no casualties.
BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen are striving with increasing urgency to ride the digital wave sweeping the industry, before it rolls over them.
Canada has rejected more than 72,000 applications from people seeking Indian status, the latest turn in a chaotic process to decide who in Newfoundland qualifies as a Native Canadian.
A prolific Bulgarian-French scholar, Mr. Todorov published widely on the moral consequences of colonialism, racism and genocide.
The suspension of commando operations in Yemen is a setback for President Trump, who says he wants to take a more aggressive approach against Islamic militants.
The Brotherhood, with millions of followers, is the oldest Islamist group in the Middle East, and designating it as a terrorist group would roil the region.
Plants that convert coal to gas, an expensive and environmentally detrimental process, may thwart Chinas aim to be a global leader on limiting climate change.
Alejandro Toledo, a former president of Peru, was accused of taking $20 million in bribes, and Colombian prosecutors said their leaders campaign might have received improper donations.
Here is the Trump administrations list of what it calls underreported terrorist attacks. The Times covered most of the attacks cited, many with multiple articles.
The ultimatum, broadcast on national television, was presented to over 200 police officers accused of a litany of criminal and professional misdeeds.
A leaked autopsy report in the rare killing says that Birna Brjansdottir was alive when she was thrown, but it was not clear if the killer knew that or if she was conscious.
The speaker of the House of Commons, John Bercow, said Mr. Trump should not address Parliament, but other Conservative lawmakers disagreed.
The former president, accused of spending more than the legal limit on his 2012 campaign, was expected to appeal.
Witnesses said a suicide bomber walked up to the entrance of the court as workers were leaving and set off his explosives. No one has claimed responsibility.
He Fan of the Supreme Peoples Court published a scathing blog post saying the president had breached the principle of an independent judiciary.
Mr. Trumps behavior has proved what we have been saying for more than 30 years, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said.
A group of ethicists have expressed concern that China will use the meeting to convince the world that it no longer harvests organs from prisoners.
Its about forcing us to confront the aesthetic of loss, a professor says of a film oeuvre that captures colonial-era buildings before they are razed.
Migrants are stuck in freezing conditions behind the central train station in Belgrade, Serbia, where they survive on one meal a day.
With Donald J. Trump moving into the White House, here is a chance to test your knowledge of 10 other presidential palaces around the globe, see their noteworthy designs and read about their intriguing back stories.
Moral choices. Awkward interactions. Family transformations. A year inside Canadians quests to adopt Syrian refugees.
The Times asked women around the world why they had kept or changed their surnames when they married. For many, the decision carried significant weight.
The men and boys on the migrant trail out of countries like Niger and Mali say fickle rains and hotter days leave them no option but to risk their lives to gain a livelihood.
David M. Friedman, the nominee to become the ambassador to Israel, has contributed to a right-leaning Israeli news site.
The faces of the besieged stare into the camera, at us and at death, pleading for help, describing the atrocities outside their bedrooms or just on the other side of the door. They are baffled by our indifference to the slaughter.
How leaders of European populist movements have reacted to the election of Donald J. Trump.
The conversational and visual on-the-ground reports offered a glimpse of captivating people and places, from a sleep mafia in Delhi to a monastery seeking salvation in beer.
The Israeli government has to balance its devotion to defending all Jews and its foreign relations.
When I was president of Colombia, I learned that a war on drugs is unwinnable.
Theresa Mays Brexit-buffeted Britain offers a bridge to Trump, but Europe mulls a rampart.
