Mr. Trump escalated his feud with the courts over his travel ban, saying the judges had failed to grasp concepts even a bad high school student would understand.
Ms. Niceta Lloyd helped coordinate President Trumps Inauguration Day celebrations and has ties to the Washington establishment.
Prosecutors said Harold T. Martin III stole an array of information, including material on counterterrorism operations, a foreign intelligence target and the launch of a satellite.
Her role highlights the close ties between President Trumps family and Rupert Murdochs family, which controls Fox News, The Wall Street Journal and other news outlets.
The search for space follows a tradition of finding a place close to the commander in chief for his top military aides, including the ones who carry the nuclear codes.
Mitch McConnells words regarding a Senate action against Elizabeth Warren became a rallying cry on social media.
Senate Republicans halted her remarks after she criticized a colleague, Jeff Sessions, before his confirmation as attorney general, by reading a letter from Coretta Scott King.
The Alabama senator survived a near-party-line vote after a racially charged nomination battle that crested with the procedural silencing of Senator Elizabeth Warren.
A three-judge panel has temporarily halted part of a Republican-backed law that strips powers from the newly elected Democratic governor.
Yemeni officials are caught between the public outrage at home over civilian deaths and fear of losing American counterterrorism assistance.
The proposal was presented in a 2002 memo written in part by one of the psychologists who eventually helped create the C.I.A.s enhanced interrogation program.
The former vice president celebrated Ashley Bidens collection of cause-related hoodies at an event in TriBeCa. He turned out to be the star guest.
The Budapest Festival Orchestra has continued its American tour, intact, after finding one of its musicians temporarily barred from the United States.
After a contentious interview with the presidential adviser, the CNN journalist, braces for a conservative backlash.
Dont Ask, dont Tell. Bombing Iraq. Somali pirates. Top officials from the Clinton, Bush and Obama White Houses recall how nothing goes exactly as planned.
New York Times reporters analyze the 45th presidents comments.
A whos who of President Donald J. Trumps Washington.
Journey through the inauguration of Donald J. Trump with this interactive video gallery.
Moments witnessed and analyzed by New York Times correspondents since the 1853 inauguration, the first to take place after the paper was founded.
See if youre as smart as you think you are.
A list of appointees and nominees for top posts in the new administration.
President Obama announced sanctions against Russia for trying to influence the 2016 election through cyberattacks. Heres what led to the sanctions.
Donald J. Trumps global business empire will create an unprecedented number of conflicts of interest for a United States president, experts say.
Peeling away pieces of the law could lead to market chaos.
A Trump administration could weaken or do away with many of the Obama-era policies focused on greenhouse gas emissions.
Sorting through the confusing sets of numbers in Trumps deportation plan.
Being silenced, or being one of the few women in the room, can be both inhibiting and enraging.
Oral arguments on the presidents travel ban reminded America what the rule of law looks like.
