
The 52-to-47 vote ended a racially charged battle over Senator Jeff Sessionss nomination as attorney general. The debate was dominated by the Senates formal rebuke of Senator Elizabeth Warren.
Silenced on the Senate floor for condemning a peer, Senator Elizabeth Warren emerged in a coveted role: the avatar of liberal resistance in the age of Trump.
Mr. Trumps executive order to begin the construction of a wall between the United States and Mexico has left many wondering what it will mean for them and the future.
The action once again raised questions about the relationship between Mr. Trumps presidency and his familys businesses.
Couples have been separated, engagement parties canceled, wedding dresses returned. President Trumps directive has made love much harder for couples of different nationalities.
Aleksei A. Navalny, an opposition politician, was convicted by a Russian court on fraud charges in a judgment similar to one that was overturned last year. He was seen as the only viable rival to President Vladimir V. Putin.
Documents released by the city show that the police, fire and building departments were called to the so-called Ghost Ship warehouse dozens of times before a fire killed 36 people there in December.
Doctors and hospitals failed to tell the Food and Drug Administration about women whose cancer was spread by a surgical device, a new report finds.
Mayor Bill de Blasio closed New York City schools for Thursday after the National Weather Service posted a storm warning for the city and Long Island, predicting 8 to 12 inches of snow.
Among recently discovered papers were letters from Mrs. Kennedy to David Ormsby Gore, including an explanation of her decision to marry Aristotle Onassis instead of him.
Heres what you need to know at the end of the day.


The travel ban litigation, live-streamed. Also, why the 60-year-old words of the novelist James Baldwin, captured in a new film, are so resonant right now


New York State, a major hub of international and interstate commerce, is an epicenter for invasive species, and is spending millions to fight back.
Shrinking budgets and the specter of overexposure have reduced the ranks of megastars lending their wattage.
The department is sending 75 new investigators to the Bronx to ease detectives enormous caseloads  often twice as heavy as their peers in Manhattan.
The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email.
Dorothea Langes photographs of Japanese-Americans interned during World War 2 capture not only oppression, but a people struggling to retain their dignity.
Warner Bros. offers amusement at its own expense and Will Arnett gives great voice to Gothams brooder, but this new movie is still a commercial.
The Griffith Observatory, Pasadena and palm trees  Damien Chazelle, the writer and director of the award-winning film, talks about why he loves L.A.
Oral arguments on the presidents travel ban reminded America what the rule of law looks like.
Like a teenager who didnt do the homework, hes always eager to blame someone else.
Being silenced, or being one of the few women in the room, can be both inhibiting and enraging.
Rayshell Byers is in college, Daniel Byers is a cook, Curtis Byers has a love of science, and their mother, Lynette, still keeps an eye on all three.
The head of President Trumps business council doesnt exactly serve the American worker.

Seeking good public schools, a family leaves their Brooklyn townhouse for a two-bedroom in the West Village.
