Being silenced, or being one of the few women in the room, can be both inhibiting and enraging. Comments
Oral arguments on the presidents travel ban reminded America what the rule of law looks like. Comments
Trump made a series of reckless, unconnected promises to get elected, and now hes just checking off each one. Comments
Why did the Democrats fight so hard? The rules of normal pre-Trump politics still applied. Comments
Like a teenager who didnt do the homework, hes always eager to blame someone else. Comments
Our cause is not partisan. It is to defend the pursuit of science, truth and freedom of thought. Comments
Our idea would reduce carbon emissions, limit regulatory intrusion, promote economic growth and help working-class Americans. Comments
Its increasingly evident that they have no workable plan and might never come up with one. Comments
The education secretary is the perfect cabinet member for a president determined to undermine federal agencies mission.
A lawsuit filed by the first lady shatters any veneer of plausible deniability about the Trump familys transactional view of the presidency.
When students explore foreign cultures, they learn not just about others, but also about themselves. Comments
A major measles outbreak in America is only a matter of time.
It took a friend, then a lover to help me embrace the part of myself I had deliberately ignored. Comments
The vice presidency is back in its traditional role presiding over the Senate.
The head of President Trumps business council doesnt exactly serve the American worker. Comments
Uber, Starbucks, Budweiser. These are just a few of the brands that have faced recent consumer boycotts for supposedly political stances.
Would you jump? Or would you chicken out? Comments

Readers say our democracy is being tested.
The action is a sad day in 21st-century America, a reader writes.
An academic writes about how comedy is a great social corrective.
Our expectations of the presidents spouse should be shocking to our 21st-century sensibilities, a reader says.
The head of a website distinguishes between anti-Muslim and anti-Islamist.
A director of an international group writes that his members are adversely affected by the Trump travel ban.
Readers react to the turbulent first days of President Trumps administration.
The true story of a Syrian familys journey to America.
In this short documentary, nominated for an Academy award, a coast guard captain on a Greek island is charged with saving thousands of refugees. Comments
Communist East Germany held thousands of women as political prisoners. In this animated film, two of them tell their story.
Assault rifles, body armor, a possible kill list, but not much attention when agents arrested a white supremacist they said was bent on race war.
This combination  an anti-democratic president and a quiescent Congress  is very dangerous.
The Israeli government has to balance its devotion to defending all Jews and its foreign relations.
Public confidence in the political mainstream is eroding in established democracies throughout the world. Why not here?
An article dangerously perpetuates myths about sexual relations between French faculty and students.
A reader writes that the political climate is fueling new interest in books and art.
A human rights advocate writes, My country is still waiting for peace.
A reader writes that Americans must resist generalizations.
The musician Chrissie Hynde, an honorary director of PETA, takes issue with the wearing of leather and fur.
When I was president of Colombia, I learned that a war on drugs is unwinnable.
There is a nominee beside Betsy DeVos who deserves more attention than he has received.
Theresa Mays Brexit-buffeted Britain offers a bridge to Trump, but Europe mulls a rampart. Comments
Stories from young people who, under the Obama administration, were spared deportation and permitted to work. Now, their status is in jeopardy.
The most compelling and talked-about opinions from around the world. Connect with columnists, readers and influential thinkers. Join the conversation around the days biggest issues.
